// Nans Surf Server - Official Map Rotation
// Format: mapname // tier // author // style

// Tier 1 - Beginner (Very Easy)
surf_beginner         // T1 // Unknown // Linear
surf_easy_v2         // T1 // Unknown // Linear
surf_rookie          // T1 // Unknown // Linear
surf_mesa            // T1 // Unknown // Linear
surf_learning        // T1 // Unknown // Linear
surf_basics          // T1 // Unknown // Linear
surf_training_day    // T1 // Unknown // Linear

// Tier 2 - Easy
surf_utopia          // T2 // Unknown // Linear
surf_kitsune         // T2 // Unknown // Linear
surf_summer          // T2 // Unknown // Linear
surf_japan_ptad      // T2 // Unknown // Linear
surf_mesa_advanced   // T2 // Unknown // Linear
surf_simple          // T2 // Unknown // Linear
surf_flow            // T2 // Unknown // Linear

// Tier 3 - Medium
surf_aircontrol      // T3 // Unknown // Linear
surf_catalyst        // T3 // Unknown // Linear
surf_paradise        // T3 // Unknown // Linear
surf_classics       // T3 // Unknown // Linear
surf_momentum       // T3 // Unknown // Linear
surf_zen            // T3 // Unknown // Linear
surf_velocity       // T3 // Unknown // Linear

// Tier 4 - Hard
surf_ace            // T4 // Unknown // Linear
surf_rebel          // T4 // Unknown // Linear
surf_network        // T4 // Unknown // Linear
surf_greatriver     // T4 // Unknown // Linear
surf_technical      // T4 // Unknown // Linear
surf_mastery       // T4 // Unknown // Linear
surf_challenge     // T4 // Unknown // Linear

// Tier 5 - Expert
surf_forbidden_ways // T5 // Unknown // Linear
surf_nightmare     // T5 // Unknown // Linear
surf_expert        // T5 // Unknown // Linear
surf_impossible    // T5 // Unknown // Linear
surf_legendary     // T5 // Unknown // Linear
surf_master        // T5 // Unknown // Linear

// Special Maps
surf_christmas     // SP // Unknown // Linear
surf_halloween     // SP // Unknown // Linear
surf_summer_party  // SP // Unknown // Linear
surf_winter        // SP // Unknown // Linear
surf_party         // SP // Unknown // Linear

// Bonus Maps (Multiple Paths/Stages)
surf_multipath     // T3 // Unknown // Multi
surf_stages        // T3 // Unknown // Staged
surf_adventure     // T4 // Unknown // Multi
surf_journey       // T4 // Unknown // Staged 